actress from Django Unchained got
arrested for prostitution what's up guys
my name's Dave waffle and welcome to i/o
[Music]
so who is your favorite female actress
count me out so Danielle watch she
played cocoa in Django Unchained now
recently she was arrested by a police
officer known as sergeant Jim Parker now
she was arrested over the
misunderstanding that she was
prostituting her body to her boyfriend
how this whole thing came down was
people outside the Directors Guild
building saw her having sex with a guy
in you know his car with the doors wide
open now when the sergeant went to
investigate he asked the girl for her
identification but you know she turned
it down and immediately she got that
cuffs right on her let's be honest if
you don't comply with a police officer
you might get in trouble but after she
was cuffed she was thrown in the back of
the police vehicle now a lot of people
are saying that this is racial profiling
now I'm not disagreeing at saying that
racial profiling doesn't exist it
actually does exist guys now the officer
did say that he cuffed Danielle and put
her in the back of the police vehicle so
she wouldn't run away while he was
investigating the whole thing he also
says that this was not a racial thing he
was investigating prostitution up
Danielle admits that she was actually
kissing her boyfriend in the front of
the vehicle and that's all that happened
but let's be honest I mean you're
kissing your boyfriend I mean your hands
are gonna go somewhere else you know
what I mean and trust me I know what
it's like to have idle hands they'll
have to go where I got minds of the road
unfortunately for daniella she was
actually set free why because there was
no charges against her the mole
prostitution thing was not real but she
is now filing complaints against the
LAPD she's actually posted photos of her
wrists of what they look like after you
know she was handcuffed anyways guys
because we're talking about actresses I
want to know from you guys if you could
be any character in any movie what would
it be personally honest I'd be ray from
ghostbusters why because you get to bust
some Stay Puft Marshmallow Man so thanks
for tuning into I owe my name is Dave
waffles I always say keep it real keep
it classic you on the flip side out
there in the real world sugar what not
only that David while thought I'd like
to eat salads and I like to look good